README.md, before:

# MealPlanner
I made this 5 or 6 years ago as a way to help my mom plan meals. She said she always had trouble thinking of what to have, and I thought I could try and learn more C# (I was already learning a bit through a school club) to make her a simple meal planner app. 

## Things I Included
- List of all the meals she might be interested in making, ensuring that during week days, the meals suggested had shorter cook times, and on weekends they were allowed to be longer
- Toggle getting takeout on Wednesday, making Wednesday and Thursday meals be "Takeout" and "Takeout Repeat" since we would get enough to last 2 days
- A file system which saved the meals for further use, along with keeping a backup meal file
- A way to add to the meal file and delete meals, giving options of main meal, sides, and bbq items
- A way to simply view all the possible meal options rather than randomizing the meal each week
- Generating one short meal instead of a weekly plan

## About the Project
I am uploading this to github half a decade after making it because I wanted to use this as part of my HackTheNorth application as "something you're proud of". I'm not proud of the code (much less the fact that instead of using version control through git, I simply remade the project and have 3 folders with different versions of the project. This one that I uploaded here should have been a branch to test the xml strucure, but instead I named it as {Project_Name}_XMLTest). However, I am proud of my initiative in recognizing a problem that my mom was facing and trying to use my newfound coding skills to help her!

## Visual Preview
### Entry Screen
This is what the meal planner app looks like when you first load it up
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/e2c3e836-4d94-4c4f-b687-69e5322d9ce3)

### Random Meals
This is the Main section when you click to get random meals for the week
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/034833ab-da43-45b9-87d7-30acd57e3f07)

### Random Short Meal
This is the random short meal section, used if you just want a quick meal idea to make
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/0ef59b3f-7b57-4d80-b68d-512153706cbe)

### View All Meals
Here you can view all the possible meals, sides, and bbq dishes in your file
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/ef0d5d42-abfc-4463-9f17-e4db6bc7343e)

### Add a Meal
Here is the screen that pops up when you click to add a meal/side/bbq item
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/1c9fa730-dfa2-4b98-992a-75d609b5a2e5)

Commit message:

added message in readme about looking in xml to get meal ideas

README.md, after:

# MealPlanner
I made this 5 or 6 years ago as a way to help my mom plan meals. She said she always had trouble thinking of what to have, and I thought I could try and learn more C# (I was already learning a bit through a school club) to make her a simple meal planner app. 
Also, feel free to look in WeeklyMeals.xml for meal ideas if you're strugling to plan meals yourself!

## Things I Included
- List of all the meals she might be interested in making, ensuring that during week days, the meals suggested had shorter cook times, and on weekends they were allowed to be longer
- Toggle getting takeout on Wednesday, making Wednesday and Thursday meals be "Takeout" and "Takeout Repeat" since we would get enough to last 2 days
- A file system which saved the meals for further use, along with keeping a backup meal file
- A way to add to the meal file and delete meals, giving options of main meal, sides, and bbq items
- A way to simply view all the possible meal options rather than randomizing the meal each week
- Generating one short meal instead of a weekly plan

## About the Project
I am uploading this to github half a decade after making it because I wanted to use this as part of my HackTheNorth application as "something you're proud of". I'm not proud of the code (much less the fact that instead of using version control through git, I simply remade the project and have 3 folders with different versions of the project. This one that I uploaded here should have been a branch to test the xml strucure, but instead I named it as {Project_Name}_XMLTest). However, I am proud of my initiative in recognizing a problem that my mom was facing and trying to use my newfound coding skills to help her!

## Visual Preview
### Entry Screen
This is what the meal planner app looks like when you first load it up
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/e2c3e836-4d94-4c4f-b687-69e5322d9ce3)

### Random Meals
This is the Main section when you click to get random meals for the week
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/034833ab-da43-45b9-87d7-30acd57e3f07)

### Random Short Meal
This is the random short meal section, used if you just want a quick meal idea to make
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/0ef59b3f-7b57-4d80-b68d-512153706cbe)

### View All Meals
Here you can view all the possible meals, sides, and bbq dishes in your file
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/ef0d5d42-abfc-4463-9f17-e4db6bc7343e)

### Add a Meal
Here is the screen that pops up when you click to add a meal/side/bbq item
![image](https://github.com/HagOrMan/MealPlanner/assets/86536365/1c9fa730-dfa2-4b98-992a-75d609b5a2e5)
